Migrate to new domain (#77)
DOI-USGS/what-is-drought: README.md

# What is streamflow drought?

> > _A newer version of the software may be available. See https://code.usgs.gov/wma/vizlab/{app_title}/-/releases to view all releases._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> _A newer version of the software may be available. See https://code.usgs.gov/wma/vizlab/what-is-drought/-/releases to view all releases._
```

> > _A newer version of the software may be available. See https://code.usgs.gov/wma/vizlab/what-is-drought/-/releases to view all releases._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> _A newer version of the software may be available. See https://github.com/DOI-USGS/what-is-drought/releases to view all releases._
```

This repo uses R and javascript to build a data visualization website about how USGS streamgages can be used to characterize streamflow drought. 

> **The data visualization website can be viewed at [https://water.usgs.gov/vizlab/{app_title}](https://water.usgs.gov/vizlab/{app_title}).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The data visualization website can be viewed at [https://water.usgs.gov/vizlab/what-is-drought](https://water.usgs.gov/vizlab/what-is-drought).**
```

## Building the website locally

Clone the repo. In the directory, run `npm install` to install the required modules. Once the dependencies have been installed, run `npm run dev` to run locally from your browser.

To build the website locally you'll need `node.js` `v22.14.0` and `npm` `v10.9.2` or higher installed. To manage multiple versions of `npm`, you may [try using `nvm`](https://betterprogramming.pub/how-to-change-node-js-version-between-projects-using-nvm-3ad2416bda7e).

## Citation

> B13.	Archer, A., Corson-Dosch, H., and Nell, C. June 1, 2023. What is streamflow drought? https://labs.waterdata.usgs.gov/visualizations/what-is-drought/index.html 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Archer, A., Corson-Dosch, H., and Nell, C. June 1, 2023. What is streamflow drought? https://water.usgs.gov/vizlab/what-is-drought/
```

## Consulting subject matter experts
John Hammond and Caelan Simeone consulted on the development of this website as subject matter experts.

## Additional information

> * We welcome contributions from the community. See the [guidelines for contributing](https://github.com/DOI-USGS/{app_title}/) to this repository on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We welcome contributions from the community. See the [guidelines for contributing](https://github.com/DOI-USGS/what-is-drought/) to this repository on GitHub.
```

> * [Disclaimer](https://code.usgs.gov/wma/vizlab/{app_title}/-/blob/main/DISCLAIMER.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Disclaimer](https://github.com/DOI-USGS/what-is-drought/blob/main/DISCLAIMER.md)
```

> * [License](https://code.usgs.gov/wma/vizlab/{app_title}/-/blob/main/LICENSE.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [License](https://github.com/DOI-USGS/what-is-drought/blob/main/LICENSE.md)
```
